# red

no more hobos....  how about this weird concept of disgust??? you hate these things or detest them??  i dont know man.  we are so cheap this experiment.  cant even go do what we want to...  man i have so many opportunities here i just didnt realize it.  you owe me money mofos.  anyways, aside from that i wonder what else is the question or topic of the day?  like i feel if you did anything meaningful you would tire of this phase and then we produce so many wavelengths that it saved lives directly.  people charge 1 million per dose you know?? ah dont worry about it though.  the thing that saved all this was that i was not party to the work...  you seen how shark behaves...  you could fix it but why bother???  i dont know bro.  what does it matter what i do here?  over there?? i dont know bro.  there wasn't that many things that made sense in this existence.  sharkey violated the first principle of keeping safe.  and now we are vicious lol...  fucking shark.  i made a deal with the seas too...  everyone everyone...  hmmm  too many people in here..

anyways, let this be the topic of the day that my head is completely broken lol.

i forgot okay??? you something something..  let me take a sec to remember it...  that we did so much already and i am too involved to be running away from this shit.  so we stand and take the hit.  and everything is none the better...  i dont know bro.  i always enjoyed their tears... okay???  lol...  you know i forgot we are too deep in...  oh well ba hum bug.  the tthree ghosts came to me this winter...  what a bunch of weird shit this alien stuff.  makes me forget you owe something hard earned and you won't release my monees.  oh well i wasn't even expecting much.  you know???  i think so...

hmmm.  why you concerned they dont pay??? i got nothing left bro.  i dont know how to work moron.  this is my only source cause you wrecked the brain so bad i would be lying to myself about my own brain issues.  you know its called effort.  too much effort for nothing.  you kept me running 6 years already and you dont see me letting up...  i dont know bro.  we did some tough things too.  still broke lol..
